1.1: 

1.1-1: Describe your own real-world example that requires sorting. Describe one that requires finding the shortest
       distance between two points.

       A: A real world example of sorting could be when a company has to sort a list of data points and determine which points 
          exceed a certain threshold (whether that be temperature, altitude, filesize, etc.)

          A real world example of finding the shortest distance between two points could be like the book discussed - delivery drivers.  
          Alternatively, a networking company may need to find the shortest route from node to node across a country. 

1.1-2: Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might you need to consider in a real-world setting? 

       A: Space, Resources, and Network

1.1-3: Select a data structure that you have seen, discuss its strengths and limitations.

       A: One of the ones that I have studied previously in my education are Hash-Maps. 

          Strengths: Fast Lookup (O(1)), Efficient Insertion and Deletion, Space Efficiency, 
                    Flexibility, Collision Resolution

          Weaknesses: Inefficient when there are many collisions, Do not allow Null values, 
                    Limited Capacity and will eventually fill up, Complex to implement.
                    Do not retain order of elements (can make it difficult to retrieve elements in a
                        specific order)

1.1-4: How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesperson problems given above similar? How are they different? 

       A: Shortest path and Traveling-Salesperson are similar in the sense that they are both optimizations, and both are distance based. They are different
          in the sense that one is a distance between two points, and the other is considering many points, which are to be visited once and then return back to
          the starting position.

1.1-5: Suggest a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which "approximately"
       the best solution is good enough. 

       A: A real-world problem where only the best solution will work could be something like finding the highest point of an area of land using satelite imagery.
          "Approximate" best solutions could be the next optimal move 

1.1-6: Describe a real-world problem in which sometimes the entire input is available before you need to solve the problem,
       but other times the input is not entirely available in advance and arrives over time. 

       A: An example of this could be retail staff scheduling. Ideally you have the full roster of employees, but cannot account for call-ins, no-shows, etc. 



1.2:

1.2-1: Give an example of an application that requires algorithmic content at the application level, and discuss the funciton of the algorithsm involved. 

       A: As the book states, a web-based service that determines who to travel from one location to another. It may take into consideration the orientation of the object,
          and use an algorithm to find the sortest path based on current orientation.

1.2-2: Suppose that for inputs of size n on a particular computer, insertion sort runs in 8n^2 steps and merge sort runs in 64n lg(n) steps. For which values of n does insertion
       sort beat merge sort? 

       A: 43 (See Programs/1.2-1.cpp)

1.2-3: What is the smallest value of n such that an algorithm whos running time is 100n^2 runs faster than an algorithm whos running time is 2^n on the same machine? 

       A: 15 (See Programs/1.2-3.cpp)